Mafia game

Team: Mafia/Civilians

Objective for each team:
	1. Civilians: Sentence all the Mafia
	2. Mafias: Kill civilians and outnumber them. (Reach the same number of players)

Roles:
	1. Mafia
		- Have a separate window open, where they can decide on whom to kill during night.
		- Each mafia can use a special bullet per game which can kill a player even if a doctor heals.
	2. Doctor
		- Each doctor can choose whom they want to heal per night, which will prevent the player from getting killed.
	3. Police
		- Police(as a group) can identify if a person is a mafia or not per night.

Game 1 (Simple version)
	1. Depending on the player size, number of Mafia and Civilians will vary.
		5 ~ 6: 1 mafia): 1 doctor
		6  ~ 10: 2 mafia): 1 doctor, 1 police
	2. Game will require 5 ~ 10 players
	3. Game will have two phases: Day/Night
		During the day, players are allowed to chat to decide on whom to kill
			- Phase 1: address who has been killed or healed during night
			- Phase 2: players discuss
			- Phase 3: players decide on whom to sentence(Votes are private)
			- Phase 4: address who will be sentenced
			- Phase 5: Sentenced player can place an objection
			- Phase 6: players vote on whether to sentence the player or not
			- Phase 7: player is killed (or not) and proceed to night.
		During the night, players are not allowed to chat.
			- Mafia can chat by themselves on a separate window and kill
			- Police can check on one person to see if the person is a mafia or not
			- Each doctor can heal one person
	4. At any point of the game, if number of Mafia outnumbers or equal to the number of Civilians, the game is terminated and shows the result.